[Music]
Hey my dear lovers of the
heart before I give you the bombshell that I'm
going to give you and when I say bombshell in a
glass I mean I know that I don't sell like
this just happened on sálvame and it has
gone a little unnoticed but
we have it we have it and we are going to listen to it
right now and it is the first time that kiko
hernandez tells a truth from March until
today from March of last year until today
incredible how this has escaped him to
stutter a little while he was telling you I
think that as he has been letting it go
you have been realizing what I was
saying and I was saying soccer of
mabe and I tell you one thing don't make plans
in half an hour that I am uploading
this video today at eight thirty between
eight thirty nine we start direct on
this channel you read the ceo your
favorite heart channel the
heart channel with the most viewed viewers
with wings of enclave and with enrique and
we are going to deal with well the topic of the moment
no you already know the little frog Gustavo listen to me
listen to this audio what he has said
Kiko Hernandez
arguing with Rafa Mora about the topic
of Kiko Rivera the topic of Kiko Rivera
with his sister pay attention to what
Kiko Hernandez was saying here sharply
that he is talking to Kiko Rivera okay because of what they
were saying yesterday so
yesterday that something had happened to Kiko I don't know
if it's true or not but pay attention to what he
says
where a lady says that
you can't talk about
last week but about Rocío Flores about what happened
a decade ago so we can talk
good detail but okay that's not what we're
going to talk about pay attention it's
okay
if you
have said it and you have been so wide-eyed
family doesn't like his sister his cousin
his uncles you don't know what he mentioned but
what I'm left with is his children he can't
even stand him there he takes it as a family
clear as water clear as water well
see you I'm going to prepare for the vine I
had to leave this excerpt
this audio I had to put it yes or yes
because it seems wonderful to me and nothing you
know comment with respect in the
comments box share this video
to the fullest okay on Facebook and  And above
all, don't leave me and since we'll see each other in
a little while, a hug, family
[Music]